and so it is
just like you say I saw this face his
vision you perfect life goes easy on me
it was the moment of my life
Kim took my eyes off you
you came to you said hello stranger what
a floozy cute I love you I love
everything about you
eyes off you you're wonderful
don't ever forget it good come here will
do I don't kiss strange I don't want
trouble
I'm not trouble you're taken you kiss me
what are you 12
my boyfriend's here he's here where
there he's very pretty she's very tall
did you have sex with him yes is it good
also the question why are you doing this
did you ever love me I'm waiting for you
do what leave me I totally love you who
is this you're lying
I've been you
you're
[Music]
yours can you flatter me maybe
why did you swear eternal love when all
you wanted was excitement lava bores you
know it disappoints me you women don't
understand the territory because you are
the territory it's not a boring dream of
terrible think of and lo her stranger
[Music]